'Watch the latest episodes
completely ad-free.'
Wow, Rishi!
Tears and all.  You cry!
Strange!  What I mean is,
you are crying here and
Lakshmi must be crying too.
What happened Ayush?
He left this house.
He didn't even come back once.
He didn't even wait for me.
- How?
How about it, Rishi?
How can he wait?  How many times
have I asked you to stop Lakshmi
from leaving, but you...
I don't know, Rishi.
I can't even see him go.
You don't see him go.
What would you do
have you seen him go?
What will you do, Rishi?
Are you going to stop it?
Can you see him go?
What would you do?
Are you going to hold her
hand and lead her into this room?
What would you do?
Ask me, man!  He looked back.
And when he looks back,
his eyes search for you.
He doesn't use words,
but his heart, Rishi...
He keeps calling you.
But you didn't come.
What more could he do?
He goes.
And I'm really sorry, Rishi.
He should be mad at you,
not the other way around.
Malishka, what did aunty do today...
Had it been anyone else you
know what I would have done.
I bear everything because
you are my best friend.
But that doesn't mean
I don't have pride.
Why did I come here to
apologize?  Here's why.
I really appreciate you.
I know that what you do for me
is a big thing.  No one will.
think about it.
After all, she is my mother.
What will I do?
Everything happened suddenly.
I do not know what to do.
That's why I can't stop it.
I'm really sorry.
Put yourself in my shoes.
Think about it from my
perspective and let me know
What would you do.
Are you going to stop it?  NO.
Listen, Malishka.  Didn't
you hear what he said?
He wants to cut off all ties with you.
Don't waste our time.
Since you're here, eat
something and leave.
Shut up Ashish.
When did I say that I want
to cut off all ties with him?
He's still my friend.
But he doesn't
speak for you either.
Yes, but he feels sorry.
That's why he came here.
And did not expect the
aunt to do such a thing.
Appropriate.
That's why I'm sorry.
Please, Sonal.
I promise that my mother will
never treat you badly again.
He will never insult you again
and I will make sure of that.
I will convince him.
I will make him understand.
Please come with me.
What about aunt's temperament?
I can't handle it, Malishka.
You have to do something.
I promise you.
I will handle everything.  I will
handle my mother and her emotions.
Sonal, you know
that ever since you
came into my life,
my dream with Rishi...
I have a feeling it will come true soon.
But if you go, my
dream won't come true.
That will never happen.
Your dream will surely come true.
I give you a promise.
Rishi will be yours.
I'll make sure he's yours.
But I'm sorry, Malishka.
I can't stay at your house.
Sonal, please.
You will not be disadvantaged.
I'll make sure.
I promise you.  Just come with me.
Ayush, I'm telling the truth.
I want to stop it.
Actually, I'm going to stop it,
but Lakshmi closes the door.
That's how annoyed he was with me.
Why did you irritate him Rishi?
Why did you let things turn out like this?
He closed the door!
Do you think Lakshmi
is the type to shut doors?
Only a lowly person
would do such a thing.
Lakshmi will never close the door.
He is a person who accepts people.
And Rishi, he left the house.
He left us.  He even left you.
He gave us tears in return.
He left us.  He left uncle, grandmother
and I.  He hurt me the most.
He gave me nothing but tears.
I don't know what will happen
now Rishi.  He's not at home.
What... What will we
do without him, Rishi?
Sorry Ayush.
I'm really sorry.  I tell
the truth.  I try to stop it.
But you didnt stop him Rishi.
- I can't stop it.
Rishi, ask your heart.
Did you not stop it or
you don't want to stop it?
I don't know what it is.
The fact is I didn't
expect this from you Rishi.
I didn't expect it either, Ayush.
I never expected this.
It's my fault, but I
really can't stop it.
I am sorry.
- I am sorry.  No, Rishi!
Don't apologize.
He's leaving.  He is at
the door waiting for you.
I saw it in her eyes.
Don't apologize for not
coming at that time, Rishi.
Because I wont be able
to forgive you for this Rishi.
I'm sorry, but never!
Come on!
It is my fault.
Everything happened because of me.
I couldn't stop Lakshmi.
I won't be able to forgive myself.
Because of me Lakshmi
left the house today.
Had I not made that mistake
Lakshmi would not have...
He will be at home with us.
He will not leave us.
I'm sorry, Lakshmi.
'Your honor is mine
more than yours, Lakshmi.'
"Always remember that."
"My heart is broken."
"Everything looks boring."
"You will always support me."
'You didn't say it once,
but many times, Rishi.'
"You stand beside me."
'When everyone was
against me, you held my hand.'
"You went against mother for me."
'But now...'
'Why are you doing this, Rishi?'
'Why did you betray me?'
'Which receipt is the original?'
'The old one'
'or this one.'
'The rishi who always
stands by my side...'
'Is he real?'
'The person who never betrayed me...'
'Or Receipt'
'WHO'
'with Malishka?'
'Which receipt are you?'
'Who is the real Rishi?'
'You know, even
though I was wronged'
'and had to face so many problems,'
'I never even dreamed'
'that you'
'will betray me.'
'How could this happen?'
'How can I trust the wrong person?'
'How?'
"What are you telling me?"
Lakshmi...
Lakshmi, have your lunch.
I brought you lunch.
You haven't eaten
anything since morning.
Bani, I don't want to eat.
so be it.
Lakshmi, will you stay
hungry all day long?
No.  Come and eat.
I really don't want to eat.
What do you mean by that?
You will suffer if
you don't eat right.
It will not reduce your pain.
And things won't go back to
normal if you don't eat food.
Shalu.  - What Shalu?
Did I say something wrong?
Lakshmi, since you both have
decided to divorce each other,
why are you upset
Lakshmi, you have two options.
You can have lunch
or change your
decision to divorce.
Do what you want.
But do it right now.
What has happened?
Why are you looking at me?
Do what you want now.  Make a
decision.  What are you doing now?
Are you going to eat or go
back to my brother-in-law?
Why do you call him
your brother-in-law?
Because he is my brother-in-law.
Even though you divorced her, I
still think of her as my brother-in-law.
I will always consider
him as your husband.
That's why he will always
be my brother-in-law.
That's why don't
beat around the bush.
What have you decided?  Let me know.
Will you eat or return to Rishi?
Oh my God, Neelam!
I do not believe.
Finally, Lakshmi left our house.
The rishis are divorced.
You know I only have one dream.
My only wish
has been fulfilled.
Neelam, did you hear the saying
that if you want something
from the heart, God grant it?
I know this is movie dialogue,
but my wish came true.
If we follow that logic,
Rishi and Lakshmi don't
really love each other.
They weren't meant to be.
Had that happened,
they will not part.
This means I was right from day one.
Rishi does not love Lakshmi.
Correct.
And Malishka loves Rishi a lot.
He fell in love with her.
That is why their love is so strong.
I mean Rishi became free for
the sake of Malishka, Neelam.
Appropriate.  You know Karishma!
Malishka was perfect for Rishi
and she would be perfect for him.
Sonia, Devika, finally!
A moment but what is this light?
What is going on?
What has happened?
Do you have any news?
What's wrong, auntie?
Have you any good news?
Aunt also looks happy.
Let me know.  What is the problem?
This is long past due.
What?
It's all over, Sonia.
Everything is done.
What do you mean?  Are you
going to tell me what happened?
Rishi frees himself
from Lakshmi's grip.
The rishis are divorced.
What?
Yes!
What?  What are you saying, auntie?
Is this really happening?
Yes.  It really does.
Obviously, it happens.
I am very happy, aunt.
We have to party.
We're having a big party.
Sonia, this needs
a big celebration.
Yes.
Sonia, how can
you act like this?
Is this something to celebrate?
You too, aunt.
Of course Devika.
Finally, my brother got rid of
that scheming middle class girl.
What are you saying, Sonia?
Lakshmi is not like that.
Lakshmi has endured a
lot of pain for our happiness.
And we... How do we...
Lakshmi is perfect for Rishi.
And Rishi
will be sad without him.
This shouldn't have happened.
Are you crazy Devika?
Stop siding with Lakshmi.  Okay?
His relationship with this
family has come to an end.
And if Rishi was happy with her
he would not have divorced her.
He will live in this house.
No, Sonya.  - I do not know
when the people who are on
Lakshmi's side will open their eyes.
Our eyes are open.
But you've all lost your minds.
You are celebrating but
have you thought about Rishi?
Do you know how sad he is?
But it won't last long, Mother.
Her love for him has ended.
He will soon realize
that he never loved her.
When there was no love
between Rishi and Lakshmi,
why is he angry?
Once he realized
this, he would be fine.
I can understand what makes him
happy even though I am his grandma.
Even though you are his mother,
you have no idea what he wants.
That's it, mother.
The way I feel
that you don't understand Lakshmi,
you feel I don't understand Rishi.
At this time, I want you
to understand one thing.
Lakshmi came to our family recently.
I meant a lot to
Rishi before that.
That's why what makes
him happy and what doesn't...
I know it all too well.
In that cast, it was
useless to say anything.
I came here to tell you so
that Rishi will understand
because you were the one who
asked him to throw Lakshmi out.
He throws Lakshmi out because
of the promise he made to you.
I am sure of it.
That's why Lakshmi
also gave us no excuses.
Because he doesn't want
anyone to point the finger at you.
That is why Lakshmi decides to
leave the house on her own accord.
She doesn't want to create
problems between you and Rishi.
If I start talking about Lakshmi,
the day might end,
but you still won't believe me.
That I want
it is for you to do something
for Rishi's happiness.
Neelam, don't worry.
This is what mom does.
He talks too much and overreacts.
You know that he is
under Lakshmi's control.
It took him some
time to get out of it.
All that is fine.
But mom was right about one thing.
We have to do something
to make Rishi happy.
And, that too, soon.
"Dear lover, we have been together for so long."
- Lakshmi
Lakshmi, you are here!
"Let me tell you that you
are the only one I love."
"Dear lover, we have
been together for so long."
"Let me tell you that you
are the only one I love."
"I can only confide in you."
"You are the only
one I pray for."
Lakshmi will not return now.
It's all because of me!
The way Lakshmi left the house,
I forced him to do it.
He will never come back now.
Never.
"Even if someone takes my life,"
"Please do not leave me."
"I could even die for you.
How can I not stop time?"
"Please don't go anywhere.
Don't break my heart."
"I devote myself to you.
I promise you."
"I love you so much."
"I feel our souls and not
bodies are connected."
"If you even look at
me once, I feel happy."
"You are the only one for me."
Lakshmi, you...
Are you here for real?
"I'm the only one for you."
"You are the only one for me."
Thank you Lord!
Thank you very much God!
Lakshmi!
You can't even imagine...
Without you...
I feel as if
It is all over.
As if my life is over without you.
I mean, you left a while ago.
But even in such a short
amount of time, I feel as though...
I miss you so much.
I know that I have
really hurt you.
I have betrayed you.
I have tricked you.
But whatever punishment
you want to give me,
I'm ready to accept it.
But please stay.  I won't
let you go anywhere.
And please don't
punish me so harshly
that I died.
I can not live without you.
I swear I can't live without you.
I realized it in no time.
I can not live without you.  I can't.
Then why did you give me the reason
to leave you?
You say that you
can't live without me.
Then what about Malishka?
Don't you know how I feel?
Don't you know that I
won't be able to tolerate it?
Don't you know that is treason?
Even if Malishka
touches you I can't bear it.
And I see you both
together.
In the same bed.
I was devastated right then and there.
I'm dead inside.
It would be better
if you killed me.
No, Lakshmi!  Please don't say this.
- You should have killed me.
Lakshmi.
At least, I don't have
to endure this pain.
I don't have to
live with this pain.
You say that you
can't live without me.
After what I've seen,
I'm not even alive.
You took my life away!
How do I live now?
How do I live?  - Lakshmi.
Lakshmi, I...
I know that I have made a
big mistake.  But I don't know
how i made this mistake.
It happened by mistake.
I swear I didn't know...
- You still have this nerve!
You still have the audacity to
say that it happened by mistake!
Rishi, you took a
big step by accident!
How can you do it?
I'm sorry, Lakshmi.
I'm really sorry.
I have made a mistake.
And mistakes cannot be justified.
I know that I have hurt you.
I have hurt your feelings.
I know you won't be
able to forget this mistake.
But I promise you
that I would never make a mistake
like that again.  I promise you.
But please don't leave me.
Please stay here with me.
I need you.
I need you, Lakshmi.
Don't go anywhere, please.
We are divorced.
- To hell with divorce, Lakshmi!
No one has the
power to separate us!
I am sorry.
Sorry, Lakshmi.  Excuse me.
I'm really sorry.
I tell the truth.
I will never hurt you.
I will always be with you.
I will convince my
mother and others too.
And, Lakshmi...
Just tell me once
that you want to be with me.
That you don't want
to leave me forever.
Then I'll fix everything.
Please, Lakshmi.
And we're not even getting a divorce.
I will fix everything.
And I must have done
something nice for you, right?
There must be
something good about me.
Considering that, please
forgive me for this mistake.
I must have done
something good, right?
And I promise you
that I will never let
anyone do you wrong.
I wouldn't make that kind of
mistake that you're aware of
you don't want to be
with me or leave me.
I promise I will never
let such a thing happen.
You made this promise to
me on our wedding day too.
"He works like a servant,
advises like a minister,"
"looking beautiful
like Goddess Lakshmi"
"and have patience
like Mother Nature."
"He feeds like a mother and
delights in bed like Rambha."
"A woman with these virtues
is considered a good wife."
But you broke that promise.